Add referral network parameters (#9006)
vegaprotocol/vega: CHANGELOG.md

- [8895](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/8895) - Allow to set runtime parameters in the SQL Store connection structure
- [8779](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/8779) - Query all details of liquidity providers via an API.
- [8924](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/8924) - Refactor slightly to remove need to deep clone `proto` types

> - [8782](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/8782) - List all active liquidity providers fora market via API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [8782](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/8782) - List all active liquidity providers for a market via API.
```
